[Labs] Phase gradient decompositions (#9115)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  ``qp.estimator.estimate()`` to utilize the advanced qubit management feature for resource estimation.
  [(#9139)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/9139)

* Created custom [phase gradient decomposition rules](https://pennylane.ai/compilation/phase-gradient/) :func:`~.labs.transforms.make_rz_to_phase_gradient_decomp`
  for :class:`~.RZ` and :func:`~.labs.transforms.make_selectpaulirot_to_phase_gradient_decomp` for :class:`~.SelectPauliRot`.

>   These can be passed as ``fixed_decomps`` in ``qp.decompose`` and are necessary for efficient discretization strategies in application algorithms.

Reviewer: Something like this, to make clear that they are factories/generators of decomposition rules, not rules themselves

```suggestion
* Created factories for custom [phase gradient decomposition rules](https://pennylane.ai/compilation/phase-gradient/) :func:`~.labs.transforms.make_rz_to_phase_gradient_decomp`
  for :class:`~.RZ` and :func:`~.labs.transforms.make_selectpaulirot_to_phase_gradient_decomp` for :class:`~.SelectPauliRot`.
  Their output can be passed as ``fixed_decomps`` in ``qp.decompose`` and are necessary for efficient discretization strategies in application algorithms.
```
